Update get-started-raw-media-access.md (#91740)
Azure/azure-content: articles/communication-services/quickstarts/voice-video-calling/get-started-raw-media-access.md

    ```java
    OutgoingVirtualVideoStreamOptions options = new OutgoingVirtualVideoStreamOptions();
    options.setVideoFormats(videoFormats);
    ```

3. Subscribe to `OutgoingVirtualVideoStreamOptions::addOnOutgoingVideoStreamStateChangedListener` delegate. This delegate will inform the state of the current stream, its important that you do not send frames if the state is no equal to `OutgoingVideoStreamState.STARTED`.

    ```java
    private OutgoingVideoStreamState outgoingVideoStreamState;

    options.addOnOutgoingVideoStreamStateChangedListener(event -> {

        outgoingVideoStreamState = event.getOutgoingVideoStreamState();
    });
    ```

4. Make sure the `OutgoingVirtualVideoStreamOptions::addOnVideoFrameSenderChangedListener` delegate is defined. This delegate will inform its listener about events requiring the app to start or stop producing video frames. In this quick start, `mediaFrameSender` is used as trigger to let the app know when it's time to start generating frames. Feel free to use any mechanism in your app as a trigger.

    ```java
    private VideoFrameSender mediaFrameSender;

    options.addOnVideoFrameSenderChangedListener(event -> {

>         mediaFrameSender = event.getMediaFrameSender();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        videoFrameSender = event.getVideoFrameSender();
```

Update to new naming

    });
    ```

5. Create an instance of `VirtualVideoStream` using the `OutgoingVirtualVideoStreamOptions` we created previously

    ```java
    private VirtualVideoStream virtualVideoStream;

    virtualVideoStream = new VirtualVideoStream(options);
    ```

7.  Once outgoingVideoStreamState is equal to `OutgoingVideoStreamState.STARTED` create and instance of `FrameGenerator` class this will start a non-UI thread and will send frames, call `FrameGenerator.SetVideoFrameSender` each time we get an updated `VideoFrameSender` on the previous delegate, cast the `VideoFrameSender` to the appropriate type defined by the `VideoFrameKind` property of `VideoFormat`. For example, cast it to `SoftwareBasedVideoFrameSender` and then call the `send` method according to the number of planes defined by the MediaFormat.

> After that, create the ByteBuffer backing the video frame if needed. Then, update the content of the video frame. Finally, send the video frame to other participants with the `sendFrame` API.

Reviewer: Some problems with this paragraph, but I don't have a full suggestion yet:
1. `send` and `sendFrame` was repeated several times
2. `VideoFrameKind` is not a `VideoFormat` property
3. The example does not show how the user interacts with `FrameGenerator`, just the `FrameGenerator` code. I think it can be helpful to show how to use the callbacks to configure the FrameGenerator properly.

    ```xml
    <uses-permission android:name="android.permission.FOREGROUND_SERVICE" />
    ```

2. Create an instance of `ScreenShareVideoStream` using the `OutgoingVirtualVideoStreamOptions` we created previously

    ```java
    private ScreenShareVideoStream screenShareVideoStream;

    screenShareVideoStream = new ScreenShareVideoStream(options);
    ```

3. Request needed permissions for screen capture on Android, once this method is called Android will call automatically `onActivityResult` containing the request code we have sent and the result of the operation, expect `Activity.RESULT_OK` if the permission has been provided by the user if so attach the screenShareVideoStream to the call and start your own foreground service to capture the frames.
    
    ```java
    public void GetScreenSharePermissions() {

        try {

            MediaProjectionManager mediaProjectionManager = (MediaProjectionManager) getSystemService(Context.MEDIA_PROJECTION_SERVICE);
            startActivityForResult(mediaProjectionManager.createScreenCaptureIntent(), Constants.SCREEN_SHARE_REQUEST_INTENT_REQ_CODE);
        } catch (Exception e) {

>             String error = "Could not start screen share due to failure to startActivityForResult for mediaProjectionManager screenCaptureIntent";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Log.e("Could not start screen share due to failure to startActivityForResult for mediaProjectionManager screenCaptureIntent");
```
Log error instead of creating a string variable.
